[AssetMapper] Add `--dry-run` option on `importmap:require` command (#59464)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-7.3.md

 * Deprecate `ResourceCaster::castCurl()`, `ResourceCaster::castGd()` and `ResourceCaster::castOpensslX509()`
 * Mark all casters as `@internal`

AssetMapper
-----------

>  * Deprecate passing null to `ImportMapRequireCommand` constructor argument `projectDir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `ImportMapRequireCommand` now takes `projectDir` as a required third constructor argument.
```
